cmd/clusterlink: add ingress-annotations flag (#530)
clusterlink-net/clusterlink: website/content/en/docs/tasks/operator.md

- **dataplane-replicas:** This field determines the number of ClusterLink dataplane replicas. By default, it uses 1.
- **ingress:** This field determines the type of ingress service to expose ClusterLink deployment,

>   with supported values: `LoadBalancer`, `NodePort`, or `None`. By default, it uses `LoadBalancer`.

Reviewer: nit: is `None` useful and we should keep it? Especially since the default is LB...

Author: For now, let's keep him

> - **ingress-port:** This field determines the port number of the ingress service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **ingress-port:** This field determines the port number used to expose ClusterLink for external access.
```
